Group Details:
             Surakshitha.M -1KS17CS088
             Varshitha.S   -1KS17CS095
             Sindhu.M      -1KS17CS079


A01: A sends UDP request (default of 1 packet per second) for 1 minute, takes a break for 60
     seconds and again sends UDP packets for 1 minute (default of 1 request per second) to B. B
     implements rate limit using action "-j DROP" for packets sent to A only and drops packets from
     as per X and Y. A implements rate limit for packets sent to B using action "-j ACCEPT" with X as
     burst limit, and Y as average rate . No other communications should be dropped. For example,
     ping to google from A and B should continue to work as normal.

work done:Server.java
          client.java
          UDP is generally slower and more difficult than TCP. A UDP works by sending 
          an empty (no data) UDP header to every targeted port. Based on the response 
          or lack thereof,the port is assigned to selected states.
          and here it is A sends the request for 1 minute and it takes for a break 60 seconds,
          again udp sends the request to B for 1 minute and it limits using the j drop for packet
          sent A and as per taking the variables X and Y and A relates to B using j accept.
          In the case X having burst limit,and Y having average rate .
          
      Ping or Packet Internet Groper is a network administration utility used to check the connectivity status between a source and a destination computer/device over an IP network. It also helps you assess the time it takes to send and receive a response from the network.
we could send at ping with interval of 30secs
In ping11, 
To allow ping:
      $ sudo iptables -L

To remove that rule that is blocking ping:
      $ sudo iptables -D INPUT -p icmp --icmp-type echo-request -j REJECT

To send ping with interval of 30 secs of IP address 192.168.0.110:
           $ ping -i 30 192.168.0.110
   

Problems:
      Since the topic is vast and requries more time to understand.
      Tried learning the topic but was tough for analysing it.
      understanding iptables were quite tough.

      

References:
          stackoverflow.com
          https://www.wikihow.com
          
